update empty docs (#174)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-doc: corelibs/libvirtio.md

# VirtIO library (libvirtio)

> `libvirtio` provides an abstraction layer for working with VirtIO devices. VirtIO is a standard for network and disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`libvirtio` provides an abstraction layer for working with `VirtIO` devices. `VirtIO` is a standard for network and disk
```

Applies to the other places - you want to highlight all the names.

> `libvirtio` provides an abstraction layer for working with VirtIO devices. VirtIO is a standard for network and disk
> device drivers where just the guest's device driver "knows" it is running in a virtual environment, and cooperates
> with the hypervisor.

Reviewer 2: Let's not anthropomorphise our system that easily ;) My suggestion is just a suggestion, perhaps it might be written better.
```suggestion
`libvirtio` provides an abstraction layer for working with VirtIO devices. VirtIO is a standard dedicated to provide
a common device API (e.g. network and mass storage adapters) for virtualized execution environment.
```
